Update python requirement from 3.5 to 3.6 in README (#1758)
Parsl/parsl: README.rst

    $ pip3 install jupyter

> Detailed information about setting up Jupyter with Python3.6 is available `here <https://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed information about setting up Jupyter with Python is available `here <https://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html>`_
```
